{{carousel: interval = 15000
------
Welcome | /$$space/.files/img/1.png
Are you ready for the next step in IT infrastructure?  <br> 
CloudScalers introduces Cloud Buckets <br> 
Delivering securely virtual machines, cloud desktops and cloud storage
------
Machine Buckets  | /$$space/.files/img/2.png
Create and manage Cloud Buckets from a unified platform  <br> 
Offering more simplicity and flexibility than other clouds <br> 
At ultra competitive prices!
------
Desktop Buckets | /$$space/.files/img/3.png
Intelligent SSD caching bringing better performance  <br> 
More flexibility in choosing the ideal resource configuration  <br> 
No lock in thanks to built in import and export functions
------
Application Buckets | /$$space/.files/img/4.png
Automated snapshotting, rollback and cloning  <br> 
Next generation cloud desktops working on any device  <br> 
A simple and straightforward API
------
}}

{{div: class=row }}
{{div2: class= marker span12}}

@col 6
h3. Revolutionary Cloud Computing!
CloudScalers has not build yet another competitor for cloud infrastructure. CloudScalers offers a single unified portal to access different private instances: Cloud Buckets. CloudScalers Cloud Buckets offer a all the best of cloud, with powerfull new features like snapshotting, cloning, replication, etc.

CloudScalers` Cloud Buckets will most amaze you buy its ultra sharp pricing. Thanks to the use of smarter technology, CloudScalers delivers equal or better performance and relaibility compared to traditional clouds!

{{html: <a href="../$$space/UnifiedCloud">Read more  <i class="icon-circle-arrow-right"></i></a> }}
@colend

@col 6
{{html: <iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/75195289?title=0&amp;byline=0&amp;portrait=0" width="100%" height="260" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe> }}
@colend
{{div2}}
{{div}}

@row


@col 4
{{html: <div class="widget"> <div class="widget-content fix-h"> }}

{{html: <h3> <i class="icon-tasks"></i> Machine Buckets </h3>}}
Come and discover CloudScalers ultra fast virtual machines, running at enterprise level SSD speeds, delivering even more IO performance than other SSD providers. Virtual Machines are delivered with a toolset of powerful functions: start, stop, clone, snapshot, rollback, export and monitor machines.
{{html: </div> </div> }}
@colend

@col 4
{{html: <div class="widget"> <div class="widget-content fix-h"> }}

{{html: <h3> <i class="icon-desktop"></i> Desktop Buckets  </h3>}}
Create cloud desktops for your users, delivering them access to a web portal streaming any windows, web or legacy application to any device: laptop, tablet or smartphone. Applications are integrated with a private cloud storage drive including easy to use sharing features.
{{html: </div> </div> }}
@colend

@col 4
{{html: <div class="widget"> <div class="widget-content fix-h"> }}

{{html: <h3> <i class="icon-cogs"></i> Storage Buckets </h3>}}
Store your backup and archive files reliable with our S3 API at ultra competitive pricing. The Storage Buckets environment is protected with erasure coding completed with data maintance function to ensure data integrity!
{{html: </div> </div> }}
@colend


@rowend

{{html:
<style>
.container .span3{ display:none;}
.container .span9 { width:100%;}
</style>
}}
