{{carousel:

Welcome to CloudScalers, the next generation cloud | /$$space/.files/img/1.png
We uniquely combine Simplicity, Enterprise Features, Cost Efficiency & Privacy.
------
Application Buckets | /$$space/.files/img/3.png
1 click deployment of server applications in your private cloud, all fully managed.
------
Development Buckets | /$$space/.files/img/4.png
Agile deployment for Java, Python and other development runtimes.
------
Machine Buckets  | /$$space/.files/img/2.png
Most capable IAAS cloud for all your custom or legacy applications.
------
}}

@row
@col 4
{{html: <div class="widget"> <div class="widget-content fix-h"> }}

h3. Application Buckets
Don't waste time deploying apps in virtual machines over and over again. Answer a few questions and your favorite cloud application will be up and running in your *private* cloud.
Our Cloud Management software will take care of automatic updates & monitoring of your chosen application.
{{html: </div> </div> }}
@colend

@col 4
{{html: <div class="widget"> <div class="widget-content fix-h"> }}

h3. Machine Buckets
In case an application bucket does not exist yet or you want to deploy one of your legacy applications in the cloud use our easy to use vmachine buckets. Only 4 questions are required to create a new vmachine.
Each vmachine has enterprise features like unbreakable storage, full livecycle management, private network, ...
{{html: </div> </div> }}
@colend


@col 4
{{html: <div class="widget"> <div class="widget-content fix-h"> }}

h3. Development Buckets
Development buckets bring agile deployment for Java, Python, and others. It allows developers to run and scale any type of app so they can focus 100% on their code without having to worry about server administration & scaling.
{{html: </div> </div> }}
@colend
@rowend

{{html:
<style>
.container .span3{ display:none;}
.container .span9 { width:100%;}
</style>
}}