@template public
{{div: class=white}}
{{div: class=container}}
{{div3: class=seperateDecks}}

@col 9
h1. General Terms & Conditions

1. *General - Scope*

The following terms and conditions apply to all business relationships between the customer, following named also as "you", "Customer" or "User(s)"; and CloudScalers BVBA, a Belgian limited liability company having its registered offices at Antwerpsesteenweg 19, B-9080 Lochristi, Belgium, enterprise number 0835.566.611 (RLP Gent), following named as "we", "us" or "*Mothership^1 ^*". &nbsp;

These terms and conditions of service (the "Terms and Conditions", and, collectively, with Mothership^1 ^'s Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement, the "Agreement") govern your use of the website ([www.mothership1.com|http://www.mothership1.com/]) (the "Website") and the services, features, content or applications operated by Mothership^1 ^ and provided to the Users (together with the Website, the "Services").

Dissenting, conflicting or additional customer terms and conditions, even if acknowledged, are not part of the Agreement unless their validity is expressly agreed upon.

Your business relationships with Mothership^1 ^ will be governed by Belgian law.

2. *Conclusion of the Agreement*

These Terms and Conditions apply to all users of the Services, including without limitation any sub-users. Using the Services in any manner constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not use the Services and you should exit the Website and stop use of the Services immediately.

You may use the Services provided that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person banned from receiving services under the laws of Belgium and/or the European Union, or any other jurisdiction.

In order to access any Services, you are required to provide current and accurate identification, contact, and other details as part of the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and accuracy of your account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You are solely responsible for all content on your account. You agree to immediately notify Mothership^1 ^ of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Mothership^1 ^ will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide us with accurate information or to keep your account secure.

Mothership^1 ^ reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, to amend or to modify these Terms and Conditions subject to reasonable prior notification by posting an announcement on the Website. By continuing to access or use the Services after any such amendments or modifications take effect, you agree to be bound by such amended or modified Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to any change to these Terms and Conditions, then you must immediately stop using the Services.
3. *Licensing*

Subject to these Terms and Conditions, we grant each User of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use the software made accessible on or through the Services, solely for the purposes of using the Services. Any use for purposes other than of using the Services is expressly prohibited, unless you have obtained our prior explicit permission.

Mothership^1 ^ reserves all rights not expressly granted to you under these Terms and Conditions.

The Services may contain content specifically provided by us, our partners or our users and such content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Services.

You shall not (directly or indirectly): \(i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation any application), (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder.

All content, data or information added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Services by users (collectively "User Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.

By submitting any User Content to the Services to the Services, you hereby grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform such User Content in connection with the Services and our (and our successors' and assigns') businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website or the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds), and including after your termination of your account or the Services. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Website and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access any of your User Content that is available to such user on the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content, including after your termination of your account or the Services.&nbsp;You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
4. *Scope of Services*

We guarantee an annual average of 99% network availability for the infrastructure of our computer center. If the security of the power supply network or the maintenance of network integrity is in jeopardy, we can temporarily restrict access to the service as required.

The Services are offered subject to certain limitations as regulated by the following Acceptable Use of Service:
* The User shall be solely responsible for all of his activity in connection with the Services.
* The use of your account must be reasonable and you may not place excessive burdens on our servers. Mothership^1 ^ in its sole discretion may discontinue service without any notice to any User that
** uses a high amount of server resources (such as, but not limited to, CPU Time, Memory Usage, and Network Resources)
** Is targeted by denial of service attack.
** Runs software that can lead to network abuse.
** The User shall abide by (1) all applicable international, national, regional and local laws and regulations; and (2) all Mothership^1 ^ regulations, guidelines and procedures.
** The User undertakes not to use the Services for any illegal purposes or behavior that is otherwise reprehensible, nor in any way that is illegal, fraudulent, deceptive or detrimental to the Services, Mothership^1 ^ or any third parties. In view thereof, and without being limitative, the User shall not:
*** utilize the Services to subvert, or assist others in subverting, the security or integrity of any Mothership^1 ^ systems, facilities or equipment; or to gain unauthorized access to the computer networks of Mothership^1 ^ or any other person;
*** utilize the Services to provide passwords or access codes to persons not authorized to receive such materials by the operator of the system requiring the password or access code;
*** utilize the Services to forge the signature or other identifying mark or code of any other person, impersonate or assume the identity or any other person, or engage in any other activity (including "spoofing") to attempt to deceive or mislead other persons regarding the true identity of the User (excluding the use of anonymous re-mailers or Internet nicknames);
*** utilize the Services to distribute or post any virus, worm, Trojan horse, or computer code intended to disrupt services, destroy data, destroy or damage equipment, or disrupt the operation of the Services;
*** utilize the Services to conduct port scans or other invasive procedures against any server (except any server for which the User is an authorized system administrator);
*** utilize the Services to distribute, advertise or promote software or services that have the primary purpose of encouraging or facilitating unsolicited commercial e-mail or Spam or to solicit or collect, or distribute, advertise or promote, e-mail address lists for the purpose of encouraging or facilitating unsolicited commercial e-mail or Spam;
*** utilize the Services in any manner that might subject Mothership^1 ^ to unfavorable regulatory, law enforcement or other legal action, subject Mothership^1 ^ to any liability for any reason, or adversely affect Mothership1's public image, reputation or goodwill, including, without limitation, sending or distributing sexually explicit, hateful, vulgar, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable materials as determined by Mothership^1 ^ in its sole discretion;
*** attempt to attack, disrupt, or abuse the support and contact-related mechanisms of Mothership^1 ^, including, but not limited to, telephone lines, e-mail addresses, fax lines, bulletin boards or contact/signup forms; or
*** utilize the Services in any other manner to interrupt or interfere with the Internet usage of other persons.
*** Users&nbsp;shall comply with all applicable export and import control laws and regulations in its use of the Services, and, in particular, Users shall not utilize the Services to export or re-export data or software without all required E.U and foreign government licenses. Subscriber assumes full legal responsibility for any access and use of the Services from outside the European Union, with full understanding that the same may constitute export of technology and technical data that may implicate export regulations and/or require export license. Should such a license be required, it shall be User's responsibility to obtain the same, at Subscriber's sole cost and expense, and in the event of any breach of this duty resulting in legal claims against Mothership^1 ^, User shall defend, indemnify and hold Mothership^1 ^ harmless from all claims and damages arising therefrom.
*** Users may not use the Services for high risk activities including but not limited to the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, life support systems, or any other use where the failure of service could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage;

Technical support services are not included in the offers. If needed or desired the user will be charged separately. The effective prices are available at any time at: [Pricing].

Subscribers are restricted from registering multiple accounts with the same billing details without first notifying Mothership^1 ^ of that intent. Mothership^1 ^ shall have the right to automatically flag such accounts as fraudulent or abusive, and Mothership^1 ^ may take any measures as set forth under Section 12 hereinafter.
5. *Data integrity*

Where data is transmitted to us, User is to back up their data regularly. The servers will be backed up regularly by us only when this is part of the offer. In the case of data loss, User must reload the data. Mothership^1 ^ shall have no liability for any data that may be lost, or unrecoverable, by reason of User's failure to backup its data.

We are not responsible for any damage direct or indirect caused by a data loss. User is solely responsible for the preservation of User's data which User saves onto its virtual server. Even with respect to data as to which User contracts for backup services provided by Mothership^1 ^, Mothership^1 ^ shall have no responsibility to preserve data.

User will receive a user ID and password for security purposes. This must be kept confidential. User will be held liable for any malpractice resulting from the unauthorized use of the password.
6. *Privacy*

Mothership^1 ^ is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. We will process your personal information, the traffic data and the content of your communication(s) in accordance with the applicable law and our [Privacy Policy]

7. *Published Content*

Mothership^1 ^ assumes no responsibility as to the use of the Services by the User or the content and information which is being processed by User through the Services. It is User's responsibility to identify the Internet content as its own or as third-party content.

In using the Services, Users must comply with, and refrain from violations of, any right of any other person, entity, or law, or any contractual duty. In particular, User shall not process any content \(i) which is illegal, unlawful, provoking, defamatory, impendent or detrimental or in any other way reprehensible; (ii) which he is not allowed to process pursuant to any laws, regulations, or contractual or fiduciary obligations; (iii) which constitutes a breach of the rights of any third parties, including, without being limitative, intellectual property rights and trade or business secrets.

Please note the following sites are strictly prohibited: sites which contain copyrighted material; porn sites; warez, hacker, pirated, torrent or leech sites; sites which promote bulk email software or spamming; sites that promote illegal activity; sites with content that may be damaging to the servers. Any sites that are brought to our attention because they are spamming will be immediately deleted from the root directory without advanced notice without refund. We reserve the right to remove any account without advanced notice for any reason we see fit.
8. *Terms of payment*

Mothership^1 ^ accepts such forms of payment as indicated on the Website. Please note that any payment terms presented to you in the process of using or signing up for paid Services are deemed part of this Agreement.

Mothership^1 ^ uses third party payment processors to bill the User through a payment account linked to such user's account for the Services (the "Billing Account"). The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of such payment processors in addition to this Agreement. We are not responsible for error by the relevant payment processors. By choosing to use paid Services, you agree to pay us, through the payment processors, all charges at the prices then in effect for any use of such paid Services in accordance with the applicable payment terms and you authorize us, through the payment processors, to charge your chosen payment provider. You agree to make payment using that selected payment method. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment.

User can pay for selected Services using credit units as indicated on the Website (the "Mothership^1 ^ Credits"). One (1) Mothership^1 ^ Credit shall correspond to one U.S. Dollar (1 USD).

User can purchase Mothership^1 ^ Credits using any payment method made available to Users on the Website from time to time. The Mothership^1 ^ Credit will be credited to your account as soon as the relevant payment has been accepted by the payment processor and/or, where applicable, a currency exchange has been effected into U.S. Dollars and the corresponding U.S. Dollars amount has been credited to the relevant Mothership^1 ^ account.

The purchase price of any Services is expressed as an amount in U.S. Dollars[[PVH1]|file:///C:/Users/arvid/Downloads/CloudScalers%20-%20General%20Terms%20&amp;%20Conditions%20-%20draft%201%20-%2020140422.docx#_msocom_1]&nbsp; per month (the "Price"). Any purchase of Services shall require that an amount of Mothership^1 ^ Credits corresponding to at least 50% of the Price for the relevant Services have been credited to the User's account prior to such purchase. For example, if you purchase compute capacity corresponding to a Price of 20 U.S. Dollars, you will need to have at least 10 Mothership^1 ^ Credits on your account in view of ordering this Service. In that case, 10 Mothership^1 ^ Credits will allow you to use this compute capacity during two weeks.

The Auto-Recharge feature will be automatically enabled when you buy Mothership^1 ^ Credit, unless you untick the appropriate box. Your Mothership^1 ^ Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by the same payment method chosen when you first sign up for Auto-Recharge, unless you subsequently change the amount by accessing your User account. For example, if you purchase 10 U.S. Dollars of Mothership^1 ^ Credit with your credit card, the recharge amount charged to your credit card will also be 10 U.S. Dollars of Mothership^1 ^ Credit. In future the same amount will be charged to your credit card every time your account balance goes below the threshold set by Mothership^1 ^ from time to time. If you do not want to enable Auto-Recharge, please untick the box. You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing your User account.

Mothership^1 ^ may collect VAT or other indirect taxes at the appropriate rate (as per applicable tax rules) at the time of purchase of Mothership^1 ^ Credits. \[21 % Belgian VAT generally applies if you are located in the EU and the Services are purchase and used in the EU.\] Other local taxes may apply in certain countries. You explicitly waive any right to VAT reimbursement from Mothership^1 ^ if the amount of VAT ultimately payable by the latter to the tax authorities would for any reason be lower than the amount of VAT collected from you at the time of purchase. Your Mothership^1 ^ Credit balance is displayed exclusive of any such taxes.&nbsp;

The Mothership^1 ^ Credit consumption is calculated on an hourly basis and can be consulted in the User portal. Notifications regarding the status of the Mothership^1 ^ Credits will be sent to the user on a regular basis prior to the consummation of his Mothership^1 ^ Credit.

When all outstanding Mothership^1 ^ Credits have been consumed -- i.e. when User's Mothership^1 ^ Credits have decreased to zero or have become negative, and User does not re-charge sufficient Mothership^1 ^ Credits to his account in order to obtain a positive balance, either through the Auto-Recharge feature or otherwise -- all relevant Services will be suspended during a maximum term of two (2) weeks (the "Suspension Period"). As long as the Suspension Period has not been terminated, the User can re-activate his account and the corresponding Services by paying the then outstanding Price for all the Services, i.e. the Price relating to the Suspension Period, plus at least two weeks' Price for such Services. For the avoidance of doubt, please note that if the User wants to recover a certain Service he shall pay the Price for all the Services that have not been paid for during the Suspension Period, even if User wants to re-activate only one specific Service. Upon due payment of the Price for all the Services, the User may then terminate those Services which are no longer requested.

When the Suspension Period expires, the Services will be automatically terminated and all data (including User Content) will be permanently and irrevocably deleted.
9. *Refund Policy*

When you purchase Services directly from Mothership^1 ^ you will be entitled to a cancellation period of fifteen (15) days (a "Cooling-Off Period") unless you have made use of the Services in any way, in which case the Cooling-Off Period will be extinguished and your purchase cannot be cancelled or refunded.

Outside of the Cooling-Off Period, no refunds shall be made.

Mothership^1 ^ reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably believes \(i) that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, for example, by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same Service; (ii) if you are in breach of these Terms and Conditions or (iii) if Mothership^1 ^ reasonably suspects that you are using our Services fraudulently or that your User account is being used by a third party fraudulently.

*10.&nbsp;* *Warranty disclaimer*

The warranties described in the present Section are the only warranties provided by Mothership^1 ^ under this Agreement, and are in lieu of all other warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.&nbsp;

The Services are provided on an "as is" basis, with all faults known or unknown, and Mothership^1 ^ does not warrant or represent that any particular component, information or service comprising the Services will be suitable for User's needs.

To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, Mothership^1 ^ shall not have any liability with respect to any claims arising out of or related to this Agreement for consequential, exemplary, special, indirect and/or punitive damages (such as -- but not limited to -- loss of goodwill, loss of actual or anticipated business or contracts, work stoppage, loss as a result of a third party claim, data loss or corruption of data, computer failure or lost profit), whether based in contract, or otherwise, even if Mothership^1 ^ has been advised of the possibility of such damages.&nbsp;

To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, Mothership^1 ^ shall not have any liability with respect to any claims arising out of or related to this Agreement for direct damages other than direct damages resulting from Mothership^1 ^'s fraud or willful misconduct or that of its employees, agents or subcontractors.

To the extent permissible under the applicable law, and without prejudice to the limitations as set forth in the present Section, the contractual and extra-contractual liability of Mothership^1 ^ arising out or related to this Agreement shall be limited to the amounts actually paid by User to Mothership^1 ^under the Agreement during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date at which the cause of action has accrued. This limitation is cumulative and not per incident. It applies to all causes of action and obligations in the aggregate, including without limitations, any claim of breach of contract and/or negligence.

No action in any form arising out of or in connection with this Agreement may be brought by User more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued.

*11.&nbsp;* *Indemnification*

User shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, any related companies, licensors and partners, and each of our and their respective employees, officers, directors, agents, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or relate to your (or any third party using your account or identity in the Services) use or misuse of, or access to, the Services, violation of these Terms and Conditions or of any law, or infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.

*12.&nbsp;* *Term and termination*

Where not otherwise contractually agreed, the Agreement shall be in place for an indefinite period of time beginning on the date that the User signs up electronically for the Services by creating an account with an e-mail address.

The Agreement terminates automatically at the expiry of the Suspension Period as referred to in Section 8.

You may terminate your relationship with Mothership^1 ^ at any time and without recourse to the courts by requesting closure of your User account, ceasing to use the Services and/or Website and cancelling any recurring payments.

Mothership^1 ^ reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as it reasonably believes is necessary to \(i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms and Conditions, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.

Mothership1 may terminate its relationship with you, or may terminate or suspend your use of the Services, User account and/or Website at any time and without recourse to the courts:
* if you are in breach of these Terms and Conditions;
* if you misuse system resources, such as, by employing programs that consume excessive network capacity, CPU cycles, or disk IO
* if Mothership^1 ^ reasonably suspects that you are using the Services and/or the &nbsp;Website to break the law or infringe third party rights;
* if Mothership^1 ^ reasonably suspects that you are trying to unfairly exploit or misuse the refund policy, or any of our policies;
* if Mothership^1 ^ reasonably suspects that you are using our Services and/or Website fraudulently or that your User account is being used by a third party fraudulently;
* in respect of a particular Services, on thirty (30) days notice if Mothership^1 ^ decides to cease offering that Service;
* immediately, if (in Mothership^1 ^'s reasonable discretion) required due to a change in or adverse interpretation of laws/regulation or where required by a regulator or authority with a lawful mandate, or by any of Mothership^1 ^'s partners;
* on thirty (30) days notice if Mothership^1 ^ decides to cease offering the Services to users in your jurisdiction generally.

Mothership^1 ^ shall effect such termination by preventing your access to your User account, the Services and/or Website (as applicable).

Any such termination may result in the forfeiture and/or destruction of information associated with your account.

Unless explicitly stated otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable and any fees owed to Mothership^1 ^ before such termination shall be immediately due and payable, including any liabilities that may have been incurred prior to termination such as Mothership^1 ^'s costs for collection (including attorneys' fees) of any such charges or other liabilities.

Upon termination, any and all rights granted to User by this Agreement will immediately be terminated, and User shall promptly discontinue all use of the Services. If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Website or through the Services.

All provisions of these Terms and Conditions which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, licenses of User Content, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

*13.&nbsp;* *Miscellaneous*

You agree to the use of electronic communication in order to enter into contracts, place orders, and create other records and to the electronic delivery of notices, policies and changes thereto and records of transactions with Mothership^1 ^.

For your convenience, Mothership^1 ^ may provide you with a translation of the English language version of these Terms upon your request. In the event of any inconsistency between a non-English version of these Terms and the English version, the English version shall govern your relationship with Mothership^1 ^.

These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Mothership^1 ^ with respect to your use of the Services and replace any prior agreements between you and Mothership^1 ^ with respect to same.

If any provision of the Agreement (or part of it), is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then such provision (or part of it) shall be removed from the Agreement without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the Agreement.

The failure by Mothership^1 ^ to exercise, or delay in exercising, a legal right or remedy provided by these Terms and Conditions or by law shall not constitute a waiver of Mothership^1 ^'s right or remedy.

You may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations contained therein. &nbsp;Mothership^1 ^ may, without prior notice, assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations contained therein to any third party.

This Section, along with any other provisions, which are expressed or clearly intended to survive or operate in the event of termination, shall survive termination of the Agreement.

You acknowledge and agree that if Mothership^1 ^ is unable to provide the Services as a result of a force majeure event, Mothership^1 ^ will not be in breach of any of its obligations towards you under these Terms and Conditions. A force majeure event means any event beyond the control of Mothership^1 ^.

The Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Belgium and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Gent, Belgium.

@divend

@divend
@divend
