{{html:

<div id="container">
<div id="content">
<div class="contents">


<div id="main">
<header>
<span class="icon"></span>

<h1>SSH Keys</h1>
<a href="#new_ssh_key_form" class="button collapsed" data-toggle="collapse">Add SSH Key</a>

</header>

<div style="height: 0px;" class="collapse" id="new_ssh_key_form">
<form accept-charset="UTF-8" action="/ssh_keys" class="simple_form new_ssh_key" id="new_ssh_key" method="post" novalidate="novalidate"><div style="margin:0;padding:0;display:inline"><input name="utf8" value="✓" type="hidden"><input name="authenticity_token" value="yhH/Jf3jz2aoOfIV3sDloCPDAJrYSSJ5C2BHiogDygg=" type="hidden"></div><fieldset><div class="control-group string required"><div class="controls"><input class="string required" id="ssh_key_name" name="ssh_key[name]" placeholder="Enter Name" size="50" type="text"></div></div>
<div class="control-group text required"><div class="controls"><textarea class="text required" cols="40" id="ssh_key_ssh_pub_key" name="ssh_key[ssh_pub_key]" placeholder="Public SSH Key" rows="20"></textarea></div></div>
<input name="commit" value="Create Ssh key" type="submit">
</fieldset></form>


</div>
<div id="placeholder">
<h1>Adding SSH Keys to Droplets</h1>
<h2>How it Works</h2>
<p>You can add SSH keys to DigitalOcean which can then be selected 
during the droplet create process to add the selected SSH keys under the
 root user.</p>
<p>When using SSH keys a root password will no longer be set as SSH keys will be used as the preferred method of access.</p>
<p>We do not manage the server after creation, so editing, adding, or 
removing SSH keys from the SSH interface will not affect any of the 
stored keys on droplets that you have created.</p>
<h2>Step 1: Check if an SSH keys exist</h2>
<pre>$ cd ~/.ssh
$ ls *.pub</pre>
<h2>Step 2: Generate a new SSH key</h2>
<pre>$ ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "email@example.com"
Generating public/private rsa key pair.
Enter file in which to save the key (/Users/you/.ssh/id_rsa): [Press enter]</pre>
<p>Here you can optionally enter in a passphrase which will provide an 
added layer of security. Whenever you use the SSH key for access you 
will be prompted to enter it, otherwise you can leave this blank.</p>
<pre>Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase): [Type a passphrase]
Enter same passphrase again: [Type passphrase again]</pre>
<p>Now your SSH key will be generated.</p>
<pre>Your identification has been saved in /Users/your_username/.ssh/id_rsa.
Your public key has been saved in /Users/your_username/.ssh/id_rsa.pub.
The key fingerprint is:
01:0f:f4:3b:ca:85:d6:17:a1:7d:f0:68:9d:f0:a2:db email@example.com</pre>
<h2>Step 3: Add your SSH key to DigitalOcean</h2>
<p>
Now you are ready to add your SSH key to DigitalOcean. Simply click
<a href="#new_ssh_key_form" class="button" data-toggle="collapse">Add SSH Key</a>
at the top of this page and copy the contents of your key:
</p>
<pre>$ cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub</pre>
<h2>Step 4: Create a droplet with SSH keys</h2>
<p>
Now you are ready to
<a href="droplets">create a droplet</a>
with your SSH key available during the creation process. When you create
 the new droplet simply select the key and it will be automatically 
added to the root user of your droplet. Then you can SSH directly to the
 server as normal:
</p>
<pre>$ ssh root@xx.xx.xx.xx</pre>
</div>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>







}}