@template public

h2. Machine Buckets

Machine Buckets are ultra fast virtual machines, running at enterprise level SSD speeds, delivering a very high IO performance. Machine Buckets are delivered with a complete toolset of powerful functions that provide control and flexibility: start, stop, clone, snapshot, rollback, export and monitor machines.

Machine Buckets are delivered with a basic package of CPU, Memory and Storage. Bandwidth is unlimited as long as fair use applies. You can add to your basic package additional primary storage and archive/backup storage. You can choose the datacenter location of your Machine Bucket and optionally replicate it to one or more datacenters for failover purposes.

{{html: <hr> }}

h3. Features

{{html:
<ul class="Features multi">
   <li><i class="icon-play-circle"></i><span>Start/Stop/Pause Machine</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-bolt"></i><span>Automated Snapshotting</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-camera"></i><span>Take manual snapshot</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-reply"></i><span>Self-rollback snapshots</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-copy"></i><span>Clone machine</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-download"></i><span>Export machine</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-upload"></i><span>Import custom image</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-sitemap"></i><span>Virtual networking</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-desktop"></i><span>Console access from browser</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-search"></i><span>Built-in server monitoring</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-fullscreen"></i><span>Scale machine package up/down</span></li>
   <li><i class="icon-plus-sign"></i><span>Add storage</span></li>
</ul>

}}
{{html: <hr> }}
h3. Screenshots
{{gallery: picturedir:machineimgs | title:Screenshots | thumb_size:300x200}}

{{html: <hr> }}
h3. Machine Buckets Pricing

{{html:
<div ng-app="cloudscalers">
<div  ng-controller="MachinePricingController"     class="dbox">
<span>Use the sliders to configure the requirements for your Virtual Machine</span>. <br><br>

   <span> {[cpuMemList[cpuMem].mem]} </span> Memory, 
   <span> {[cpuMemList[cpuMem].cores]} </span>
   <ng-pluralize count="cpuMemList[cpuMem].cores"
                  when="{'one': 'Core',
                      'other': 'Cores'}">
   </ng-pluralize>, 
   <span> {[cpuMemList[cpuMem].primary]} </span> GB at SSD speed, 
   Unlimited Transfer - <span> {[cpuMemList[cpuMem].price]} </span> USD/month
   <br>
   <div ui-slider="{range: 'min'}"  min="0" max="9" step="1" ng-model="cpuMem"></div>
   <br>
 
   <span> {[storageList[storage].size]} </span> SSD -
   <span> {[storageList[storage].price]} </span> USD/month
   <br>
   <div ui-slider="{range: 'min'}"  min="0" max="9" step="1" ng-model="storage"></div>
   <br>

   <span> {[archiveList[archive].size]} </span> Archive/Backup -
   <span> {[archiveList[archive].price]} </span> USD/month
   <br>
   <div ui-slider="{range: 'min'}"  min="0" max="9" step="1" ng-model="archive"></div>
   <br>


   <span>{[locationsList[location].number]}</span>
   <ng-pluralize count="locationsList[location].number"
                 when="{'one': 'replication location',
                     'other': 'replication locations'}">
   </ng-pluralize>
   <br>
   <div ui-slider="{range: 'min'}"  min="0" max="2" step="1" ng-model="location"></div>
   <br>
   <p>
   <span>Total price:</span> <span class="total">{[totalPrice]}</span> USD/month
   </p>
</div>
</div>

   <script src="/$$space/.files/js/controllers/MachineBuckets/MachinePricingController.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
 
}}
