@template homepage_template
{{html:
<head>
<style type="text/css">
	.table.table-condensed.table-hover th { font-weight: bold; font-size: 14px;padding: 6px 5px !important; border: 0;}
	.blackBG { background: none;}
	.blackBG p { color: #FFF;} 
	.blackBG ul li { color: #FFF;} 
</style>
</head> 
}}
{{div: class=white blackBG}}
{{div2: class=container why-page}}
h1. Limited Time Offer:  Free Cloud Hosting From Mothership{{html:<sup>1</sup>}}
{{div3: class=col-md-6}}
Mothership{{html:<sup>1</sup>}} is a new and innovative cloud platform for virtual machines, storage, and applications.
* For a limited time, we are offering you a $50 Free Credit
* Signup now - No Obligation

{{div4: class=row}}
    {{div5: class=col-md-3}}
                {{html:<a href="/$$space/SignUp" class="btn btn-success" role="button">Sign Up Now</a>}}
    {{div5}}
{{div4}}
{{div3}}

{{div3: class=col-md-6}}
Mothership{{html:<sup>1</sup>}} offers many enhanced features compared to existing cloud offerings:
* A Private enterprise-class firewall dedicated to you only, offering superior security capabilities and extended control over traffic routing within your virtual infrastructure
* Virtual Machine deployment in under 5 seconds
* Immediate Snapshots & Rollbacks
* PRICE! Virtual Machines start at $5.00 USD/Month. SSD Storage starts at $0.03/GB/Month, [CLICK HERE FOR PRICING DETAILS|Pricing] 

{{div4: class=row}}
    {{div5: class=col-md-3}}
                {{html:<a href="/$$space/SignUp" class="btn btn-success" role="button">Sign Up Now</a>}}
    {{div5}}
{{div4}}
{{div3}}

h1. Visit our Cloud Decks

Mothership{{html:<sup>1</sup>}} brings a unified cloud platform that delivers IT elements in the form of Cloud Decks to fulfill unique IT requirements. These decks are organized in secure [Cloud Spaces|Cloud Space] that have extensive and configurable private [Defense Shields|Defense Shield].

* [Machine Deck]: Powerful IaaS stack bringing almost instant creation of VMs. Select preferred SSD drive size, use the fast snapshotting and rollback snapshots. Automate using the simple API.
* [Storage Deck]: Ultra reliable storage thanks to secure distributed storage platform. Attach as disk to the VM or use with the S3 compatible storage API.
* [Desktop Deck] (Alpha): The Desktop Deck provides an innovative way to deliver critical applications from the Cloud. Use laptops, tablets and smartphones to access MS Windows, Linux and Legacy desktop and server apps. Built-in cloud drive and collaboration tools will encourage teamwork and efficiency throughout your workforce. 
* [Application Deck] (Q4): The Application Deck provides users with access to your portfolio of private applications. The Application Deck leverages the best of all decks and is sized to support your application requirements.

@divend
@divend
@divend

