{{div2: class=container why-page}}

h1. Quick Tutorial Guide

Welcome to your Mothership{{html:<sup>1</sup>}} Cloud Space!

Before you start, maybe some things that are good to know:

The Cloud Space provides access to 4 different Cloud Decks:
* Machine Deck: Virtual Machines creation and management via the web portal or API.
* Storage Deck: S3 compatible storage buckets
* Desktop Deck: Complete Desktop in the cloud solution, available in trial mode
* Application Deck: Ready to go private applications, available in Q4

The Cloud Space is protected by the Defense Shield, your personal firewall that handles all incoming and outgoing traffic for your Cloud Space, your routing, port fowards and firewall settings.

h2. Cloud Space

*# Go to Billing to view your balance and upload credit
*# Optionally Go to Cloud Space Settings to provide access to other registered users in the Mothership{{html:<sup>1</sup>}} cloud.
*# Optionally create an additional Cloud Space, allowing you to divide your resources into 2 private networks, managed fron the same portal!

h2. Machine Deck

*# Click on Machine Deck, hit Create Machine
*# Set the name for your Virtual Machine
*# Choose one of the packages, delivering CPU, RAM and 10GB SSD
*# Expand your SSD size
*# Hit Create
*# Go to Console tab
*# Login and take control (Windows Images need to load some minutes to finish all initalisations before you can login)
*# After maximum a few minutes you will see the IP address that will be provisioned by your Defense Shield. By default this is a private IP address
*# Use the Port Fowards in the Machine Deck submenu page to quickly enable public access to a specific port of your virtual machine
*# Your virtual machine is charged once created per hour, for minimal an hour. You can delete anytime and the charging stops.

h2. Storage Deck

*# Go to Storage Deck
*# You will have pre-provisioned a 1GB S3 bucket. For larger buckets, you can contact support.
*# Everything is ready to use, click on Show S3 to see your Access Key, Secret Key and S3 Server

h2. Defense Shield

*# Go to Defense Shield
*# Login with user 'admin' and your portal password
*# Configure what you like, it`s private it`s yours
*# Each Cloud Space has its own Defense Shield
*# For more simple tasks, use the Port Fowards in the Machine Deck submenu

h2. Cloud Credits

The Cloud Space handles no commitments or built-in limits to the number of services you can create, but uses a minimal credit balance policy. Your created services or actions taken on active services should be able to last for at least 4 days with your remaining credit. For example, you have a credit balance of 5 USD, that will allow you to create either several small Linux virtual machines up to one 4GB Linux package.

Charges are done hourly if indicated so in the [pricing|Pricing]. Charges for virtual machines are per minute, except the first hour is always charged.

h2. Questions?

Good luck! In case of any questions, go to our [Documentation Center|FAQ] or contact [Customer Service|http://support.mothership1.com]

@divend