h2. CloudScalers' Products Features
Within the CloudScalers portal, access is provided to several cloud products. As the products are fully private and secured, we call these buckets:
Machine Buckets, Desktop Buckets, Application Buckets, Storage Buckets.

h4. The CloudScalers value proposition:

* Cloud Portal to Deploy and manage virtual machines, cloud desktops and cloud applications
* High performance thanks to intelligent SSD caching
* Flexibility in choosing the ideal resource configuration: better match the IT package with your business
* No lock in thanks to built in import and export functions
* Extended management functions facilitating cloud management: snapshotting, cloning
* Intuitive and easy to understand billing model
* Straightforward API
* Support for all Operating Systems including Windows
* A far better TCO compared to major cloud providers

h3. Concept of a complete cloud

Looking at cloud computing, a lot of (dis)advantages are present in each of the currently available IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, Staas, DaaS,... solutions.
In trying to be a complete cloud, providers keep adding features to their platform but being complete is hard and still, sticking to IaaS or PaaS or
any of the others will never solve every problem. In the meantime their products get really complex while these added features don't even attract
enough new customers to cover the costs of the development, let alone the TCO of them.
People want SaaS, they need applications to be productive. Here is our entry point for end-users: the Desktop Bucket.
It makes it easy for providing applications from a single cloud service.
Not all applications are simple SaaS ones, sometimes you want an enterprise application like OpenERP for example to be configured especially
for your organisation. The Application Buckets provide an application catalogue that with an easy to use wizard deploys these applications for
you and connects them to the Desktop Buckets for users to start using them immediately. No hassle in deploying it yourself, integrating with user
accounts, rights management and pointing users to a location where they can use it.
What if you have custom applications or want to use an application that is not available in the application catalogue?
This is where our Machine Buckets come in. Start a virtual machine in the cloud in seconds and use it as such or hook it up to your Desktop
Buckets.
We do not even try to be complete in the available desktop applications or in the application catalogue. 5% of the applications are sufficient for
95% of the users. The other ones can easily use the Machine Buckets to address their needs. It keeps the TCO low while still providing all
possibilities to the customers. It also keeps the way one interacts with our platform simple, no overly bloated features that you get lost in. People
choose the path of least resistance so we make it very easy and clear.
Of course if you want to have data in your applications or if you want to store and share securely, Storage Buckets provide you with a secure,
distributed storage solution that is unique in its kind.

h4. The CloudScalers Portal delivers:

* Secure cloud space per user
* Unified billing credits
* Automated billing rules
* Constant metering
* Easily create and manage
* Cross solution interactions