@template public
{{div: class=white}}
{{div2: class=container why-page}}

@col12

h1. About Us

Mothership1 is a joint venture between [CentriLogic|http://www.centrilogic.com] and [Incubaid|http://www.incubaid.com] focused on offering a more affordable, comprehensive choice for software developers, VARs and small and midsize businesses, compared with other cloud offerings.

CentriLogic, a provider of international hybrid hosting, cloud computing, and managed data center solutions for midsize companies to large enterprises will host the infrastructure powering the Mothership1 platform from its ISO 27001:2005certified facilities in North America and Europe, with Asia planned for later in 2014. CentriLogic CEO Robert Offley is chairman of Mothership1 and brings 20 years of management experience in the IT industry. Prior to founding CentriLogic in 2007, Offley was President & CEO at Fusepoint Managed Services (now Savvis/CenturyLink) and former CEO of PSINet Canada, one of the first Internet service providers. 

Incubaid is the first and only pure cloud incubation centre with a proven track record of helping to create successful businesses including Dedigate now part of Terremark,  Hostbasket now part of Telenet, DCT now part of Symantec, Q-layer and VirtualBox both now part of Oracle. Incubaid chairman Kristof De Spiegeleer is CEO of Mothership1, bringing over 15 years' experience at large international companies including senior leadership positions at PSINet, SUN Microsystems  and Symantec.
 
Mothership1 is delivered from CentriLogic data centres with availability zones offered in Toronto in Canada, North Carolina in the United States, and Bracknell in the United Kingdom. The service will expand later to all CentriLogic data centre facilities including Hong Kong.
{{div2}}
{{div}}
@divend
@divend